# ThingSet App Privacy Policy

This privacy policy is applicable to the ThingSet App (hereinafter referred to as "Application") for mobile devices, which was developed by Libre Solar Technologies GmbH (hereinafter referred to as "App Provider") as a an Open Source service. This service is provided "AS IS".

You can look at the Source Code of the Application in order to verify the information provided below.

[ThingSet App Source Code Repository](https://github.com/ThingSet/thingset-app)

## What information does the Application obtain and how is it used?

The Application does not knowingly acquire any personal information of the user. No registration is required and the Application can be used free of charge.

In order to connect with ThingSet nodes over Bluetooth, permissions to use the location service may need to be granted. This is required by Android and connot be avoided. However, the Application does not use the location and it does not transmit any location information to the App Provider.

## Do third parties see and/or have access to information obtained by the Application?

The Application does not transmit any data to the App Provider.

Please note that the Application utilizes third-party services that have their own Privacy Policy about handling data. Below are the links to the Privacy Policy of the third-party App Providers used by the Application:

*   [Google Play Services](https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/)

The WebSocket connector of the Application may be used to connect to any WebSocket service implementing the ThingSet protocol. Data exchange with such service is not covered by this Privacy Policy, as it not controlled by the App Provider. Please contact the provider of the WebSocket service for their Privacy Policy.

## What are my opt-out rights?

You can halt all collection of information by the Application easily by uninstalling the Application. You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network.

## Children

The App Provider does not use the Application to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of 13.

The Application does not address anyone under the age of 13. The App Provider does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13 years of age.

## Changes

This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. The App Provider will notify you of any changes to the Privacy Policy by updating this page with the new Privacy Policy. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, as continued use is deemed approval of all changes.

This privacy policy is effective as of 2024-06-01

## Your Consent

By using the Application, you are giving your consent to the App Provider processing of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and as amended by us. "Processing,” means using cookies on a computer/hand held device or using or touching information in any way, including, but not limited to, collecting, storing, deleting, using, combining and disclosing information.

## Contact us

If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, or have questions about the practices, please contact the App Provider via email at info at libre.solar.

* * *

This privacy policy page was partly generated by [App Privacy Policy Generator](https://app-privacy-policy-generator.nisrulz.com/)
